OK so let's go to the styles.
And at some styling for this because you know it's really ugly.
So I'm going to go put teams right here and we're going to start doing doing the styles.
So I'm going to say teams and teams and then underscore components as one is the main wrapper.
So this one is going to have a min height because if we just make a search for filter everything and
there's only one result.
Now if the container is going to get very small and we can have the footer just spread here on top and
we don't want that.
So I'm going to set a mean height of 800 pixels you know something that is sure.
Now what else do we have.
We have teams input.
It's a style of the team's input.
So I'm going to say team input and it's going to be text text align and center.
Right.
Then we can have a padding and the padding is going to be tiny pixels and zero pixels from the side.
What else we're going to have a background so we get a set of background and the background it's going
to be kind of a gray background is 6 6 6.
Ok so that works.
What else we have to style the input.
So I'm going to say Tim's input and the make reference to the input.
OK.
So we want to set font family for this.
And the phone family it's going to be Rebozo.
I love that name.
Botto so I'm going to say border radios.
And then the radios and it's going to be 30 pixels.
Right.
Ooh what's next.
We're going to have a border and the border is going to be one pixel solid.
And just for fun light gray.
OK.
What else we can have the color the color is going to be black.
Right.
What else we need to set the font size.
You know it's to be bigger than that.
So we're going to say font size and the font size is going to be tiny pixels.
We want to add some padding and the padding is going to be 10 pixels.
Let's.
You one set a fun way.
So it's going to be fun to wait and it's going to be 300 something really slim then diktats line is
going to be center of center.
It looks nice.
I know about you but I just really like it.
So Pacer's that still works good.
So I want to get rid of the focus right here.
The blue border.
So I'm going to go right here the bottom and say Tim's team's input and then just focus and get rid
of that.
We're going to say outlined in the nine.
OK let's get let's some styling to the teams.
This one is going to be really easy to use flex.
So it's going to be teams and then container.
And this one we will need to make reference to this span inside the container.
So it's going to be this play and then flex.
Right.
So we're going to say we're going to set a flex direction.
So it's going to flex direction and it's going to be rolled and then we're going to just use the flex
wrap so we can just put everything one after the other one just like floating moments.
We're going to say wrap
OK well you'll be getting something else on things.
Let's set the width of live.
That's good.
That's the problem.
You say teams container just like before.
We're going to make reference to teams item.
It's going to be Team underscore item and we can set a default with you one for per row so we going
to say 25 percent and that should do the trick.
I got it working.
The thing is that the image is too big and that's the problem.
So we can have a panning of 30 pixels and then a box sizing of border box.
OK.
And the last thing we're going to do is it would be to change the size of image because it's really
really big.
I mean to say teams that underscore container and inside the team's container we going to have a team
item and inside the team item we can have the image.
I'm going to say EMG right.
So now we will set the size of the image to the size of the container and we can do 100 right.
So that works when you just reload the page.
So go to Celtic.
OK.
So it's working just fine.
So go Pacer's.
And if I search my team I'm going to say next.
Let's get.
So it's working.
Now if we click on an item it's going to take us to the inside view.
So now we need to go to Celltex and we need to fetch the information for this component.
And that that will be the last component that you can do.
It is kind of long you know but this is just like this.
It takes time.
So let's go to the next section and finish the project.